Docs: Adding panel suggestions initial documentation for 8.3 (#42488)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/add-a-panel.md

1. Choose a data source. In the first line of the Query tab, click the drop-down list to see all available data sources. This list includes all data sources you added. Refer to [Add a data source]({{< relref "../datasources/add-a-data-source.md" >}}) if you need instructions.
1. Write or construct a query in the query language of your data source. Options will vary. Refer to your specific [data source documentation]({{< relref "../datasources/_index.md" >}}) for specific guidelines.

## 3. Choose a visualization 

![](/static/img/docs/panel-editor/select-visualization-8-0.png)

> When you choose a visualization, Grafana will offer visualization suggestions based on your query. You can select from the avaialble suggestions or you pick a visualization from the complete list of visualizations. Whether you pick one of the suggested visualizations or select one from the complete list of visualizations, Grafana will display a preview of your query results with that visualization applied.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you choose a visualization, Grafana will offer visualization suggestions based on your query. You can select from the available suggestions or you can pick a visualization from the complete list of supported visualizations. When you select a visualization, Grafana will show a preview of your query results with that visualization applied.
```
